And so forth.
Why do I think things are going a little weird?
Will An Ge actually go to the provincial capital with us?
I'm willing to give him half of my salary
Don't abandon him
Wait, come back.
Although the love brain is the best dowry for a man
But
Are we right?
I've made up my mind.
Sister-in-law Ange
If you insist on leaving Huining
Then I'll go with him.
Why is that?
When you insisted on marrying your sister-in-law
Did you ask why?
Well, that's not what it says
Your brother and I went both ways
He is willing to marry
I would like to marry
That peach will make him better, I am willing
My new brother, if you are willing to take me to the provincial capital
I would like to marry you.
You were still crying and begging Xu Lin An not to abandon you
Now I will marry Chen Weixi in a blink of an eye
WeChat, listen to me.
Nine times out of ten he's using you
Don't go up
Never mind.
Don't persuade him
I know him.
Thank you for your approval.
Me and my new wedding
You must come for the wedding wine!
Sister-in-law Jiang Lili
Just wait.
You ruined my happiness
You don't want to live a good life